    *NOTE
	the changes made done in files can be found at the end of problems taken.



Changes made on Monday


1.The navigation bar is now changed(navigation.php)
      1.1. Under the solutions module navigation. Added the link for the Human Resource Information Systems(HRIS)
       1.2. Under the Solutions Module Navigation, Changed the name for the Human Resources to the Payroll Systems.
        1.3. Under the Services Module, Added the link for the option of Infoman Services.
        1.4. Under the Partners Module, Link for Partners is changed to a dropdown module.
        1.5. Under the Partners Module, Added the link for the options of Partnership Overview and Contact Us.
         1.6. Under the Press Module, Added the link for the option of News.



2. Information for the Footer at the bottom of the page is changed.(ui/footer.php)

         2.1. Under the Products Footer, Added the Human Resource Information Systems(HRIS).
         2.2. Under the Products Footer, Changed the name of Human Resources to Payroll Systems.
         2.3. Under the Services Footer, Added the link for the Infoman Services.
         2.4. Under the Partners Footer, Added the link for News.


3. Changed the Content of the Solutions Module.(subs.php)

          3.1. Changed the content of Payroll Systems to the content of Human Resource Information Systems.
          3.2. Added the link for the Human Resource Information Systems(HRIS) to the side navigation for all solutions links.(products/prgtrnd.php) 


4. Removed the solutions side navigation on the News and trending Module.(news.php)









Changed at Tuesday




1. On main page, changed the human resource name to payroll systems.(index.php)

2. Changed the copyrights from 2017 to 2019.(footer.php)

3. Changed the Content and link for the progress new on the main page.(index.php)

4. Change the link for the QAD news on the main page.(index.php)

5. Change the Navigation bar on all pages for the News & Trending from a static link to a dropdown link.(navigation.php)

6. Add the side navigation of QAD and progress trend options in the news & trending module(news.php & prgtrnd.php)

7. Change the content of the QAD community trends in the news and trending module.(news.php)

8. Added the content for the Progress trend in the news & trending module.(prgtrnd.php)

9. Checked the fonts



Changes this Thursday

1. Removed the HrDesk in the slideshow (index.php)